we're on a Nordic tug 44 today this is a
really nifty boat but what we're here to
take a look at is Garmin's latest and
greatest this is a GPS map xsv and what
it's got the new system that's really
interesting is called front view this is
a forward looking sonar that pings out
in front of your boat and lets you know
if there's some kind of obstruction that
you're about to strike you can see it
right here on screen you can change the
range that you look at you can adjust
the beam width somewhat so that you can
vary how wide the beam is looking out in
front of you the important thing to
remember about this type of system
though is that it really is not for use
of high speed if you're cruising along
at 2025 knots this is not going to do
any good okay what this is used for is
slow speeds say you're doing four or
five knots entering an unfamiliar Harbor
trying to feel your way through a really
tight channel in that sort of situation
front view can really come in handy now
this is not the only thing that is new
from Garmin this year so if you want to
learn more about what kind of systems
they have coming up for 2017 click on
over to boots calm and check it all out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters